pyocient 3.3.0 release notes (#11)
ocient/pyocient_release: README.md

# Pyocient Release Notes

## 3.3.0

> - Pin the cryptography package to <42.0.0 to avoid a bug in that package 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Pin the cryptography package to a version earlier than 42.0.0 for stability purposes.
```

> - Implement OIDC single signon

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Implement OIDC single sign on (SSO).
```

> - Implement the "performance mode" command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Aeded the `performance mode` command.
```

- Display nulls as NULL when using the table format

> - Set the command line default fetch size to 30000

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set the command-line default fetch size to 30000.
```

> - Fix the implementation of the "set serviceclass" command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed the implementation of the `set serviceclass` command.
```

> - Make pyocient.Warning a sublclass of the python Warning class

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changed `pyocient.Warning` to be a subclass of the Python `Warning` class.
```

- Add the "set printuuid on" command

> - Implement the --version option on the command line

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the `--version` option at the command line.
```

- Set TCP keepalive options on connections 

> - Print a valid error message when a non-SSL connection is rejected

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a valid error message when the system rejects a connection without SSL encryption.
```
